Add minutes for 2021-01-28 (#260)
srobo/competition-team-minutes: SR2021/2021-01-28.md

# Competition Team Meeting 2021-01-28

## Present

- Andy Busse
- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Jake Howard
- James Seden Smith
- Jenny Fletcher
- Peter Law
- Will Barber
## Topics

### Friendlies

- How few teams is too few?
  - 2, probably
  - If we minimize the time investment, we can run with very few teams
  - Below about 4 teams it’s probably not worth going for a full livestream
- We should still jump on a call internally, so we can use it as a testing opportunity
- Who’s doing what
  - This depends on the scale, as to the number of jobs needed
- Video scheduler
  - We should, if only for testing

> - Should we have a prize for each session?
>   - To increase attendance
>   - Probably not, undermines the friendliness of the friendlies
>   - Could we do a raffle instead?
>     - Gambling laws exist
>   - We’re probably too late in the friendlies to implement this now
>   - Could we incentivize attendance instead?
>     - How?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- How can we encourage more teams to attend?
  - Should we have a prize for each session?
    - Probably not, undermines the friendliness of the friendlies
    - Could we do a raffle instead?
      - Gambling laws exist
    - We’re probably too late in the friendlies to implement this now
  - Are there alternative ways to incentivize attendance instead?
    - How?
```

# Competition Team Meeting 2021-01-28

## Present

- Andy Busse
- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Jake Howard
- James Seden Smith
- Jenny Fletcher
- Peter Law
- Will Barber

> 
> ### Apologies
> 
> -
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Topics

### Friendlies

- How few teams is too few?
  - 2, probably
  - If we minimize the time investment, we can run with very few teams
  - Below about 4 teams it’s probably not worth going for a full livestream
- We should still jump on a call internally, so we can use it as a testing opportunity
- Who’s doing what
  - This depends on the scale, as to the number of jobs needed
- Video scheduler
  - We should, if only for testing

> - Should we have a prize for each session?

Reviewer: Can we clarify that the intent here was to increase attendance?
